How thrilled we were
at last year’s annual meeting
to receive a new publication:
Enjoy Life Forever!
—An Interactive Bible Course !
Already many publishers are having success
in conducting progressive studies
using this new tool.
As you listen to experiences
from around the world,
note the evidence of Jehovah’s blessing.
When they made the announcement
of the new publication,
for me it was just pure excitement.
Actually, I was so overjoyed
that I kept going to the website
around the time of the release,
and at times I would even refresh my browser
a few times a day to see when it was out.
Having all the teaching methods
right in our hands
—what more can we ask for?
We were so excited that during this pandemic,
Jehovah has given us something
to energize our ministry.
When you heard that we would be using
a new method for conducting studies,
were you a bit hesitant?
Pay close attention
to what experienced teachers are saying
about the benefits of this approach.
Before, it wasn’t uncommon
to hear students start their comments
with expressions like “the paragraph says”
or “as the book mentions.”
Now it’s not like that.
In the old way of teaching,
it was a bit difficult for me to discern
if my Bible students really understood
what they were learning
or if the truth reached their hearts.
I think I was using
too many additional points
to convey one idea
and just explaining too much,
so my Bible students
would get even more confused.
With some well-educated people,
the studies were in a sense
too easy for them.
They found the answer very easily
from the paragraph
and were able to answer correctly,
but it was very hard to know
what they really thought about the matter.
With this new book,
it seems like it is easier to see
the person’s genuine thoughts on the matter.
In the previous method,
you would see the student
looking at the book a lot,
but that doesn’t happen now.
When you look at the student,
you can tell he is thinking about the answer
instead of looking for the answer.
They used to enjoy
the Bible study in the past,
but now they enjoy it much more.
Now they are able to keep focused
from the beginning to the end of our session.
They feel motivated and closer to Jehovah.
To reach the heart of a Bible student,
we need to understand
what he’s thinking and feeling.
How does the Enjoy Life Forever!  book
help us to do that?
One of the things I love about it
is how after we read the Bible verse,
there are the questions that follow it
that are perfectly phrased for us.
It really engages our students’ hearts,
and it helps them to understand
the Bible teachings right away,
and it helps us to see
what’s in their heart as well.
It lets the student express
what is in his heart,
which allows us to help him.
The first time I looked
through this publication,
I could already see
how appealing its format is.
There are no lengthy paragraphs,
and it is prepared in a very interactive way.
With this new method, I definitely talk less.
My students talk more.
And the one that starts it all off
—the introduction video—
just makes everything fit together.
And one of the amazing things
that it introduces right away is the prayer,
because often as a teacher,
we didn’t know exactly
when to introduce prayer or how to do it,
but the video does it for us.
Obviously, teachers are excited
about the new book.
But what impact
is it having on their students?
Bible students
have been pleasantly surprised.
I asked one student how he felt
to be using this new publication.
And the response was:
“Why didn’t we do this sooner?
It’s great!
I’m a lot calmer.”
Another student
told me that she was relieved
to no longer have to find the answers
but, rather, to express
her thoughts and feelings.
During our discussion
of the “Dig Deeper” section in lesson 02,
my Bible student really appreciated
the scriptures and the beautiful artwork.
He said that he
could already see himself in Paradise
enjoying the many promises of Jehovah.
He said that our discussion
made him feel Jehovah’s love.
With the students,
they’re not so overwhelmed with the new book
when we ask them to prepare the lesson.
With the Bible Teach  book,
when we would ask them
to prepare these paragraphs,
it was like you asked them
to go to the dentist.
They just seemed so intimidated by it.
But now they smile, and they’re like,
“OK, I can do that.”
One student in particular
wrote in the “Goal” box:
“I want to share the points
“from this lesson
with my friends and work colleagues
within a week.”
And he did.
One of the videos that was really effective
was the one from lesson 04,
My Search for the True God.
It shows the experience
of Sister Soten Yoeun.
My students were deeply moved.
They really felt Jehovah’s love for them
and wanted to speak with him.
They felt motivated to pray.
We were studying the first lesson
with an 83-year-old lady
when we came across Matthew 7:7.
She read it in her own Bible,
and at first she didn’t quite understand it.
Then we pondered over the verse
together with the question.
And then all of a sudden she asked:
“Oh! Does this verse mean
“that I should dig
for the answers in the Bible myself
instead of asking a priest?”
It was quite a special moment.
The video
under “Learn to enjoy Bible reading”
was very helpful for one young man.
After watching it,
he set the goal
of reading the Bible every day.
With one Bible student,
we had encouraged him
to become an unbaptized publisher
in the previous study book.
And now when we were in lesson 02
of our new study publication,
he expressed the desire
to become an unbaptized publisher
because he felt he could share
one or two points from each lesson
with his friends and others that he knew.
And so now he is approved,
and he’s doing very well in the ministry.
Thanks to this new book,
I now conduct 15 Bible studies.
The book helps them to maintain
the desire and motivation
to keep learning about Jehovah,
his beautiful qualities,
and the future that awaits us.
Clearly,
our worldwide brotherhood is excited
to use Enjoy Life Forever!
What a tremendous gift from Jehovah!
Of all the facets of our ministry,
without question
conducting a progressive Bible study
is the most satisfying aspect.
And now we have the tool
and the method to make it much easier.
I’m very grateful for this tool.
It really helps us to sense
how close the Governing Body
recognizes we are to the end,
but it in no way feels like a rushed program.
The heart is definitely
being reached gently and lovingly,
but then that is what motivates quickly.
Try and introduce it as much as you can.
Start those Bible studies.
And when you do,
please invite me
to join in on your new Bible study.
The new book Enjoy Life Forever!
shows clearly
that “the faithful and discreet slave”
has been, is, and will continue to give
exactly what we need
at exactly the right time.
This publication has the potential
to help many more honesthearted ones
come to know and love
our wonderful Father, Jehovah.
May he bless you and your Bible students
as you put to use this new tool.